Fix bug in IsIncidentPartOfCampaign script (#16920)
demisto/content: Packs/Campaign/ReleaseNotes/3_2_4.md

#### Scripts
##### IsIncidentPartOfCampaign

> - Fix bug when no campaign incidents were found for the given incident ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a campaign incident was incorrectly retrieved from the script when no incidents should have been retrieved.
```
